CASMTRIAGE-3342 Ensure fresh installs copy system_config.yaml into place (#1630)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: install/bootstrap_livecd_remote_iso.md

      >   {"Source":"x3000door-Motiv","SourceRack":"x3000","SourceLocation":" ","DestinationRack":"x3000","DestinationLocation":"u36","DestinationPort":"j27"}}
      >   ```

   1. Link the generated `system_config.yaml` file into the `prep/` directory. This is needed for `pit-init` to find and resolve the file.

>       > **`NOTE`** This step is removed in CSM 1.3, this step is needed only for Fresh Installs where `system_config.yaml` is missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      > **`NOTE`** This step is needed only for fresh installs where `system_config.yaml` is missing from the `prep/` directory.
```
